Document override functionality  for `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` (#1756)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/api/objects.md

| `storage` | Object | Key hash and value. Pre-image key is `null` if it falls outside the cache. |
| `nextKey` | Hash | Hash of next key if further storage in range. Otherwise, not included. |

## State override object

Optional parameter for [`eth_call`](./index.md#eth_call) and [`eth_estimateGas`](./index.md#eth_estimategas).
Override an account with the following state values temporarily before making the call. This allows you

> to make temporary state changes without affecting the actual blockchain state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make ephemeral state changes, for the purposes of transaction simulation, without affecting the actual blockchain state.
```
